So, you want to start a startup that
does anywhere between $2,000 and $10,000
a month passive revenue. Something that
only have to work on 10, 15, 20 minutes
a week, but you don't have a lot of
money to start. Maybe you have $200,
$500, $1,000. Well, what kind of
business would you start? I would
recommend an online directory. A
directory is basically a website with a
bunch of different links and data. And
in this episode, I talk about how you
can use Claude Code to actually build an
online directory that is going to get
traffic on autopilot.
And I brought on Frey and Frey is Mr.
Directory. And he shows us step by step
how to use Claude Code to create a very
big directory. I really enjoyed having
him just take us through the entire
process. what are the prompts he uses?
How to think about data enrichment? How
do you think about cleaning the data so
that you can create a online directory
that generates traffic every single day?
Now, I know what some people are
thinking. They're thinking that's really
boring. An online directory, come on. I
want to build a mobile app. I want to
build a SAS product. But what they miss
is that building an online directory is
going to get you thousands of visitors
on autopilot. And once you have that,
then go and vive code a SAS product.
Then go and vive code an app. In the
beginning of this episode, we share
multiple examples of people making
millions of dollars a year using online
directories. And some of them have apps
that go with it, too. So, this is an
incredibly important yet boring episode
of the podcast, but those who stick to
the end, I think, are going to have an
unfair advantage. I totally recommend
you take this link and share it with a
friend because this is alpha that is not
shared anywhere else on the planet.
You're in for a treat. Enjoy this
episode with Frey.
>> It is a treat because we have Frey on
the pod by the end of this episode. What
are people going to get out of it?
>> Yeah, thanks for having me on by the
way, Greg. Um, yeah, by the end I really
want people to have a solid
understanding of how to use cloud code
to build AI coded directories with an
emphasis on what I think is the hardest
part, which is getting the valuable
data. And we're going to go deep on
that. But first, I think it's only fair
we run it back. The last time I was on
the pod, we played a game where I showed
you a few cool directories and you
guessed the traffic. So, if you're down,
I'll share three cool directories. And
if you want, you can try to guess the
way that these monetize as well, just
cuz I think that'd be pretty fun. So,
I'll go ahead and share my screen and we
can dive into it.
>> Let's do it. I can't say no to a game,
Frey. You know that.
>> All right. So, the first one is
parting.com.
And we can see it's a funeral home
directory. This is kind of what it looks
like. Click around.
And how much traffic
do you think that this website makes?
Well, it does say it's the
number one. If you go to the
if you go back to the homepage, I think
it says the number one funeral home
comparison website for price and
quality.
Um, I'm going to guess it gets at least
100,000 visits a month.
That is a solid guess. Let's take a
look.
All right. All right. 61,000 organic
monthly visitors. So, pretty close. And
what's really cool about this directory,
I'll kind of share a little bit um about
this one is um by the way, any guesses
on how this might monetize? I'm just
curious before I go into this.
>> Well, two things. I did see some ads pop
up, but I don't think that's where
they're getting the bulk of the revenue.
I would say it's a lead genen uh
directory, so they sell leads to funeral
homes.
Yeah, that is partially it. Definitely
the ads don't make up the bulk of the
revenue. So,
this is reported to do over a million a
year in revenue. There's some quotes
that go up to $5 million, but they even
raised money. They raised $1.5 million
in 2021.
Um, but the bulk of their money actually
comes from a software. And if we look at
Parting Pro, this is kind of their
vertical SAS that they offer for
cremation arrangement software for
funeral homes. Um, what's really like
interesting about this is like this
software just helps them do things like
dropshipping earns. Like that's that's a
thing. And then it's kind of got an
agency backend where they just help you
create the website and then do online
marketing. Basically lead generation.
And I think we talked about this last
time, but I still believe that building
a directory and creating a microsass or
vertical SAS is a super solid way to go
about it. And with cloud code, it's
never been easier. Um, but the agency
directory combo is a potent one. And I
see it all the time. Some of the biggest
directories that I know monetize this
way. Uh, but yeah, this is what's
bringing in the majority of it. So, um,
yeah, that's the first one. Solid guess.
Let's move on to the second one. Drag it
over here. This one's called a place
formom.com
and senior living. Massive industry.
What are your thoughts on this one?
>> Is it just for moms or for dads, too?
You know, what about dad?
>> That's what I'm saying. It's messed up.
>> That's messed up.
>> It's for everyone, hopefully.
>> Yeah. Um, I would say 50,000
visits a month or more.
>> Okay. And are you thinking lead
generation as well?
>> Yes. Uh, there's a huge business around
lead genen for senior living.
>> Um,
>> it's it's a huge business. Um, and
there's huge publicly traded
REITs, real estate investment trusts
that, you know, you can see how much
they spend on marketing. But yeah,
there's a it's a big business,
>> massive space, and you know, care.com,
that's the famous one. Uh, let's take a
look. So, place form.com is getting 8
and24,000 organic monthly visitors. The
estimates on this are wild. Like, some
some websites claim that this makes
anywhere between like $100 million a
year, $500 million a year. Um, my gut
tells me like $50 million a year is
probably right where I I feel like it's
more more accurate. And um, the way they
monetize is basically purely from lead
generation. So, they have 18,000 or over
18,000 um senior living homes that are
listed on their directory and they
basically have all of these kind of
sneaky ways to collect information and
then pass them off to these senior
living homes where they collect a
portion of the first month's rent or
like a fixed fee for every referral that
they give. Um, so just a beastly but
very simple and straightforward
directory and like super classic. Like I
think most people think of lead
generation when people think of
directories. So I love this one. It's
just so wellm made. It's also built on
WordPress I believe. So for the
WordPress users out there, this is some
inspiration. Um, so just a really cool
one. And uh, I'll leave the last one
over here. The last one's going to be
gasbuddy.com.
It's a crowdsourced directory to give
you gas prices near you. So if you type
in like a random zip code, you can just
find the gas prices, save some money,
and it's as simple as that. So what are
you thinking on this one
as far as traffic?
>> Uh this is this is a big one, dude. Like
I I see right here 100 million downloads
and counting. I've heard of Gas Buddy. I
think that this
like
data moat is a really interesting one
just as like a business. Um I'm a
co-founder of an agency called LCA and
we build some really popular AI products
and like one one that we're working on
right now is called Stretch AI. So, it's
grocery prices
um around you and it's by the co-ound uh
one of the top guys at Ways which is
also a data play. So, anyways, point is
I think that if you're number one, you
have the data mode. This is getting I'm
going to I'm going to say one I'm going
to say three million. No, I'm gonna say
two million visits a month.
>> It's like that's that's a good amount. I
mean Okay. Yeah. But that's that's
actually a really good guess. Um, and I
totally agree. I I think on the surface
this looks simplistic, but everyone
needs gas. I mean, pretty much everyone.
But this directory is getting 1.1
million organic monthly visitors, and
they monetize in two main ways. They
make a ton of money on ads. So, um, with
this amount of traffic and tier one
traffic coming from the US and Canada,
yeah, they're probably I wouldn't be
surprised if they're pulling in like on
the lower end, $30,000 a month just in
ads, uh, which if we clicked around we'd
start seeing, but their big play is
actually a debit card. And so, um, if we
go over to Gas Buddy Plus Premium, they
have this debit card that they partnered
up with Mastercard to create, and it
basically allows you to save money on
gas. It's $10 a month or $99 a year. And
so, they have a ton of members here. I
love this one. This is my favorite one
of the list because
I think crowdsourcing gas prices is so
simple but extremely difficult. So, I
went back to 2004. They started in 2002,
but I wanted to understand how they even
incentivized people to get gas prices
cuz that's like why would anyone want to
take time out of their day? And um back
in 2004, all they did was create a
public leaderboard, which they still
have today. If we go to gas tools here,
we can see all these people uh Prince 33
leading the pack and um they basically
did giveaways. So in 2004, they gave
away ebikes. And the way that it would
work is that if you updated or reported
any gas prices, you'd get like 150
points and then once you reach 1,000
points, that gives you one entry into
the giveaway. And they were like, "Yeah,
you could get an ebike." So I thought
that was super interesting. It's like
very simple psychology. Everyone loves a
public leaderboard. We all can't be
Usain Bolt, but if you want to be the
best gas price reporter in the world,
then you know you can be that. And let
me see if I can quickly find the Wayback
Machine
tab here. Yeah. So, check this out. I
thought this was kind of cool. So, this
is a Yeah. So this is a snapshot from
2006 and we can see this little
leaderboard here. Prince 33 was active
back 20 years ago. Gary Indiana, shout
out.
>> But now, you know, consistency,
persistence has gotten him to number
one. And what's insane is this guy
hasn't missed a day in almost like in
over 5,800 days. Like this guy wakes up
and he's passionate about gas prices
apparently. Um, and uh, it's just insane
to see the super fans. These days, they
do give you the giveaways in ebikes
anymore. They give away $100 prepaid
debit cards for gas. Um, but I just
thought this was super interesting and
um, it's actually a rare case where the
directory monetization
is super aligned with the reason why
users are coming to this website. Cuz a
place form.com, Partarding.com, they
have to go and do like outbound sales to
like reach out to business owners and
create an offer that way. But these guys
just were really creative with it. Um,
so I love this example.
And I wanted to show you these three
because like all three of these
directories execute this framework that
I think all successful directories do
which is they help people save time,
save money or help people make money.
And if you look on every any one of
these like listing pages here, we can
see like more specifically,
they've done a really good job with
bringing price transparency as a form of
data enrichment in areas where it's just
really hard to get pricing information.
And I think this is actually a massive
opportunity for directories. It's
incredibly unscalable and manual, but
there's so many industries and niches
where price transparency just doesn't
exist. Um, tons of boring ones. And so
for me this year, I think like data can
be a moat. It can be a differentiator.
And price transparency is a big one
because it's so hard to get. Um, so
that kind of leads me into
what I wanted to show you guys today,
which is how to get valuable data. And
let me just switch tabs over here to
what I built. Um, let's do this. Good
segue because I'm I'm bought in on on
the thesis. Like I I agree. I think the
data is the moat. I also think that you
can use AI in clever ways to get the
data. So,
uh I'm intrigued for I'm intrigued.
>> Yeah, it's it's um it's definitely the
most boring part. And the reason it was
actually kind of hard to decide what I
wanted to talk about cuz with cloud
code, you're doing so many things that I
wanted to go deep rather than wide. But
um yeah, I would say for directories the
moat is definitely data and your SEO
like if you have really strong
backlinks.
Um uh but yeah, like also just quickly
another reason I wanted to show you
those three directories is because I
think the number one question that I saw
reading the comments from the last pod
was how do you monetize these
directories? And the answer is really
unsexy, but it depends on the niche. And
I don't think it has to be display ads
or lead genen. It obviously can be
really creative. I've seen tons of
different offers created on the back end
of directories, but um yeah, it's it's
super cool. So anyways,
I built this directory in 4 days and it
literally started from a raw massive
unorganized
CSV of data of over 70,000 rows that I
scraped for the entire country um for
portaotty suppliers. And I just wanted
to start with an example where I show
you what a directory might look like
with high quality data and one that
looks Yeah. and what one would look like
with lowquality data.
So, let's just start with this one. This
is my cloud code directory. Luxury
restroom trailers. Boring but awesome
niche. People are spending $1,000,
$2,000 a day renting these out for their
weddings. You know, there's corporate
events, film sets, really all sorts of
stuff. just kind of showing you what you
can create in record time. And um yeah,
the listing looks great, super super
clear with the amenities and features.
We have some images, the types of stalls
that you can go and rent, and then of
course the lead form, some service
areas, and I think this looks solid. But
let me take you a year and a half back
when I didn't know Claude Code
and I created this beauty. This is
portaottymatch.com. I built this in
WordPress and it still has Lauram Ipsum
on the front page. You know, we got some
listing pages that are looking pretty
sparse and all of this is just AI
generated. Like sentence structures all
the same. It's a bad directory. It's
ugly. It's bad. All these images are the
same for every listing.
So, I built this thinking like no one
could reasonably trust this directory
and like inbound as a lead, right? But
to my surprise, I just built this and
left it up and I got like
some leads coming in. And this is one
example here. Kind of blocked out the
email, but I actually got a bunch of
leads that just inbounded. Uh, this guy
named Eric wanted a restroom trailer. uh
for with multiple stalls. Um he has a
film shoot. So that was kind of a cool
way to look at the use cases. Another
film shoot guy coming in asking for a
trailer for a film shoot. Uh Martha
looking for a reasonably priced
portaotty with a sink or handwash
station.
And then this is the big one. I got a
lead from the New Mexico State Fair.
This is the order that they wanted. And
this is like $20,000 plus of porta
potty/luxury
restroom trailers that they wanted. So
just an insane lead and um I was
surprised. So despite my really poor
data curation,
it kind of just showed me that there is
a massive need in this space and it's
not really easy to go and compare the
different portaotty types if you're in
the market for one and there's also like
a vast amount of like use cases. Um, but
I knew that things were kind of falling
through the cracks. And so if all these
leads inbounded with this crappy looking
directory with Lauram Ipsum on the front
page, what would it look like if I
actually built this thing out now that I
know Cloud Code? So, I vibecoded this
kind of how I built this directory that
outlines this sevenstep process on how
I'm using cloud code and an open- source
GitHub repo called craw for AAI to
handle any kind of data curation. So,
this is where I kind of just want to
show people how to tackle that data side
because I've seen probably a thousand or
2,000 people build directories in the
last year. And 100% this is where people
either quit or give up. And I totally
empathize. There was a point in my life
where I was waking up and being like,
"All right, I'm going to sit down in
this chair for 6 hours and click on this
website and just manually verify if this
is a luxury restroom trailer." And it
was hell. like it was awful. Terrible,
terrible use of time. But as we can see
from these stats, I mean, I built this
in 4 days. Like I mentioned, I probably
saved over 2,000 hours in what would
have been manual data cleaning, manual
data enrichment. Also, record low costs.
I mean, I would have to hire a developer
to like write custom Python scripts
before, and it's just not necessary
nowadays. So, I built this in under 250
bucks. $100. Yeah, $100 of that was my
Claude Code Max subscription. Another
$100 was for the data. Um, and then $50
for some Clawude API credits to do some
deep cleaning, which we'll talk about in
a moment. So, all you really need to get
started is your directory niche. Mine's
luxury restroom trailers. You need cloud
code and you want an understanding of
what drives decision-m like what do
people actually need to make a decision
around a luxury restroom trailer and you
can just achieve that by looking at
Reddit forums I think Tik Tok's great
Facebook groups Instagram anywhere where
the conversation online is being had
around these uh around the topic that
you're building your directory around.
So, as we can see, like this whole
process I'm about to go over is just the
second step for me. I think my
structured approach to building
directories starts with finding the
idea, collecting the data, building the
website, SEO optimiz SEO optimization,
and then figuring out monetization. So,
let's just start with the first step.
The first step is just scraping the
data. I just went straight to outs
scraper. I don't think
there's nothing new here. I went over
this in the last uh pod, but out scraper
is still the cheapest option for me.
I've used ampify and other kind of
alternatives, but just keep it simple. I
think out scraper is a great place to
start and there's tons of videos online
where people can learn how to scrape
data with from Google Maps using out
scraper. So, I went and did this. I got
71,000
rows and potential listings
and cover the entire state. I build
nationwide directories and the whole
game plan is to sell leads um in this
high ticket niche. So, pretty
straightforward.
The problem is 71,000 rows is massive
and we definitely have to do a lot of
cleaning as far as data goes. So this is
when I introduced cloud code into the
mix and I used to have to manually clean
data and I would have all of the obvious
junk data removed. So remove things like
listings with no business name, address,
city, state, permanently closed ones,
and any like obvious ones that don't
relate to my niche like big box
retailers. And so this is the prompt
that I wrote.
And uh obviously people are going to
have to kind of retrofit this to your
own niche, but I'm just telling Cloud
Code, here are my five CSVs. Go ahead
and just look at every single one and
use this criteria to clean the data. And
so this simple prompt got me from 71K
down to 20,000 listings. And if you are
going to use this prompt, I think anyone
can benefit from this particular part,
which is just getting rid of obvious
junk data.
And um yeah, what we're left with is
just still a massive piece of data. So
the next round is where it gets a little
bit more interesting. And this was like
where I had the biggest problem a couple
years back, which is, okay, we have
20,000 potential portaotty businesses.
I've kind of exhausted all of my ways to
kind of superficially clean the data.
And so at this point, I need a way to
automate the process of manually going
to every single website and verifying
whether or not these are luxury restroom
trailers. And so the way that I did that
is I installed Crawford AI. This is an
open-source LLM friendly web crawler and
scraper, totally free, which is insane.
And this is something that you just
install locally to your computer. I'm
brand new to uh I'm brand new to AI
coding, like I'm only 6 months in. And
so if you're just getting started, the
way that I literally did it is just took
this link, gave it to Cloud Code, and
told it to help me install it. And it
took about 15 minutes. So now that we
have this installed, crawl for AI is
kind of the engine that allows us to at
scale look at every single website and
then cloud code is the brain. So we can
prompt cloud code and say look at every
single one of these 20,000 websites and
just go and identify the luxury restroom
trailers. So, as a quick little demo
here,
um, oops.
I'll just pull up my cloud code here.
And I just wanted to show people the
workflow instead of just talking about
it. U, but I I'll just do it on a
smaller sort of sample size. So, here's
a CSV of just 10 restroom trailers or
sorry, here's an example of 10 portaotty
companies. And basically, I'm trying to
figure out which ones are restroom
trailers and which ones aren't. So, I'm
going to go ahead and just run that
prompt that I showed you here. And I'll
just copy and paste it here.
>> And you're not very technical from what
I remember. I'm not I'm not like that's
the funny part is like
when I learned cloud code
it was like even to this day I don't
really think I use cloud code um to what
it could be.
But yeah, like I've still been able to
accomplish like a ton and um
yeah, I probably should explore other
other tools, but I just try to keep it
simple and do it well. Um with tools
like this. So yeah, I'm totally
non-technical, which hopefully
gives any reason to anyone watching this
who's less technical to learn cloud code
because if I can do it, I can. You
definitely can do it. Um, so I used cash
results, so this came back super fast.
But basically, I gave it 10 businesses.
Here we can see it identified three
luxury candidates and seven standard
portaotties. But it might take longer if
you run it for the first time. And
essentially, I just kind of told it to
um go through this, go through every
single website and identify like
restroom trailer related keywords. So,
it's kind of helpful to know like all
the synonyms
of the keyword you're trying to look
for. And um a couple pro tips if you are
using crawl for AAI, there's extra
modules that you can add,
including this one. And this is one of a
few that I used, but async webcrawler
allows you to just crawl multiple
websites concurrently. That saves a ton
of time. Uh, but yeah, this was kind of
the point where I was like, "Oh, snap.
This is insane and I can't believe it's
free because I set this up in probably
15 20 minutes. I wrote this prompt by
just talking to Chad GBT
and then it just ran in the background
for 3 hours and this is really what
would have taken me like a,000 hours
just a couple years back.
So, the result was 20,000 websites down
to 725
luxury restroom trailers. We can see the
CSV here. And um yeah, it even gives us
like verification confidence. It's just
nice. It is it's nice with it. Like I I
saw this and I was like, this is so
cool. Um
but that's not it. And that's not really
enough to build a directory. So, we move
on to step four. And this is when we get
into trailer inventory.
For me, that's trailer inventory. But
for you, it's just like for you, it's
the first round of data enrichment.
Like, I need to figure out
all of these 725 restroom trailers. What
do they offer? like what's what like if
you look online most people are looking
for two stall and three stall trailers
because those are good enough to cater
to like a 50 to 100 person wedding but
some people are looking for more and so
I wrote this prompt again it's very
casual you can tell that I just had a
conversation with chatbt
and I just used crawl for AI in the same
way but this time instead of looking for
keywords like restroom trailer I told it
to look for
the full like fleet of products that a
business offers. And um yeah, so I
believe I have a prompt as well. Um we
can actually just take this
right over here just to show people. I
won't do this for every single one, but
just to show people kind of the
workflow. I can say um let's take those
three candidates for luxury restroom
trailers
and uh use this prompt. I'll just do
that.
And this prompt again is just telling it
to go and find
all the different types of luxury
restroom trailers that a business
offers. And I do like to add to just
like get Claude Code's opinion. Give me
your game plan. Tell me if I'm missing
anything.
and just let me know before we we go for
it.
>> Before we burn tokens,
>> before we burn tokens and we have to
upgrade our claw. Um, yeah. So,
this is basically
um
Yeah. So, uh, cool. Yeah. So, yeah, it
basically came back with
A1 containers. There's a two stall
trailer and a four stall trailer. Again,
this is going to take more time, but you
can set up whatever logic you want. And
actually, there's a lot of nuance with
this process. So, just to kind of go
over that, like there's a ton of edge
cases that you want to check after every
single pass. And one of the first
mistakes that I did when I started
enriching my data with craw for AI was I
would just give it this massive laundry
list of things to get and just gave it
like a massive CSV and I was like get
the trailer inventory, get the images,
get any amenities, features, pricing,
all of that stuff and it just didn't
work. Like it was super low quality. Um
so that's why I'm kind of going slowly
one at a time. And this is also helpful
cuz after this pass, I could examine the
results. You always find edge cases,
just these one-off situations where you
should let Claude Code know that it
messed up. It done messed up so that you
can fix it. And um you might have to
rerun this. I reran this, I think, two
or three times until pretty much all of
my data was good and I had all of the
stall information for every single
listing.
Um, so yeah, this this process just
continues one by one for me. The next
one was trailer images. And this one was
cool because not only did I use craw for
AAI to scrape the images from the
business websites, which by the way I
know is a gray area, but I plan to go
and reach out to these businesses and
ask for permission and just have them
claim the listing, which basically gives
them um gives us the uh you know green
light to use this. But you can scrape
the images. And what I did was I just
told Claude Code to look for any alt
text file names, examine the page that
it's on, and scrape the highest quality
images. And then what I did is I told it
to create um I told it to take the top
three candidates for trailer images and
then I just sent it over to Claude
Vision. And this way it was able to look
at these images
and identify the best ones because the
first time I did this I got like logos
and crappy images and favicons and it
was like am I really about to clean this
image data? Like this sounds so bad. And
this is the workaround that I came up
with. This cost about $30. All I had to
do was go to Claude and connect my API
key. Super simple. And this is the
prompt that I used.
Uh, I let this run overnight, but yeah,
this took probably about an hour or so
for 700 listings. So, if we take a look,
this is kind of where we're getting
brick by brick. We're just starting to
get all of this good information. Stalls
and all the green um columns here are
kind of the ones that are valuable. Let
me see if uh
Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, all of the Yeah, all
of the green highlighted columns are of
the images and I think it did a really
great job. So, um if we just click on
any one of these,
they're pretty solid. And this was not
the case the first time.
>> So, we're starting to see how this comes
together. Just just on the
uh scraping image piece,
you know, I I'm not a lawyer. I don't
play to be one on the internet. Frey not
to my knowledge is a lawyer. Is that
correct?
>> I am not.
>> He is not. Uh so I think you know but I
but I think that you if you scrape
people's images you are the only way
you're well let me take a step back. You
you're supposed to have the rights for
images that you post on your websites,
right? Um so
sometimes those rights are available
like you know if you look at the terms
of services of some websites those are
available and sometimes these are these
are like small local businesses so
chances are they might not even have a
terms of service. Um so so yeah just so
you know there is some risk associated
with scraping images without the rights.
>> Totally. Yeah. And I think you don't
even need images for a directory to rank
and get traffic. I just kind of wanted
to show this use case. And I'm sure
there's ways and there's different
niches where you can scrape images where
it's less risky. Um, you know, public
images and such. Uh, or you can just use
like stock images. I mean, we saw from
my crappy little directory, no pun
intended, like this got leads without
needing a ton of images on the listings.
So, um, 100% not advocating for this and
definitely some risk. So, just know that
going in. And I think that was a good
shout out.
>> Before we get to the next step, I just
want to make a quick note about your
quote unquote crappy
other website.
>> Yeah,
>> I will say the logo on this website does
slap. you've got this mascot
uh and he he he he feels very
approachable and and interesting. So I
am feeling I don't know if the audience
feels the same way. I am feeling a bit
of a loss of a little character in the
new you know fancy Apple style website
>> 100%. I worked I worked hard on this
little guy and um yeah, I just generated
it with Chat GBT and I'm sure you can
use Nano Banana for this, but yeah, I'm
actually planning on bringing this guy
over and um adding some human touch to
this directory cuz it's definitely
unfinished. It's probably like 60%
finished. But I I appreciate that.
That's a that's a compliment to my
creative side which which does exist in
the world of directories but it's just
uh maybe less common but
yeah like just kind of going back to
this though it like the process just
kind of continues stacking like it did
this with the amenities and features
again like the process wasn't smooth the
first time it would miss some amenities
and features here and there but this is
the very casual prompt that I wrote. Um,
basically just, you know, mentioned that
the first time I ran this, it didn't do
a good job. There was a bunch of weird
words like it and and the and like
that's not a feature. That's definitely
not a feature. But this pass worked
really well once I started to kind of
understand the edge cases and say, I
want you to go and identify all of the
best pages. go on the homepage, look for
any page with restroom trailers and go
deep.
And it was able to create these cool
amenities. And this is what it came up
with. Tons of different features that
would ultimately become the filter uh on
my directory. So if we check out
that page that we're checking out here,
like I give people the option to choose
by stall. So this is the stall data, but
if we also go back and click on running
water, for example,
it'll just show all of the luxury
restroom trailers with that specific
amenity. And people can click multiple
if they want and then sort from there.
So that was kind of the reason I chose
this one.
Um, see if there's any sort of
mentions here. Um, yeah, like
this one was pretty straightforward and
this didn't really take too much time,
but again, massive time saved compared
to manually doing this. And then the
last one was also pretty simple. It was
just the service areas. A lot of people
want to know if a place can drive out
like a 100 miles to a remote location
where they're having a outdoor wedding.
Um, so yeah, this is the prompt that I
wrote
and just asked it to go and find the
service areas. Um, the only challenge
with this is that some businesses were
like in different states. So if a
business was based in Florida, sometimes
the first run would show me like
Florida, Texas, Arizona.
And so I had to make some adjustments.
But this is
these are the new columns that I
created. I broke it down by city,
region, and radius. So, also just good
to know for anyone who's shopping around
for a luxury restroom trailer. And so,
that's pretty much the full sevenstep
process. And I think it might be eight
steps or four steps depending on the
type of niche that you're building a
directory in or how deep you want to go
with the data enrichment. But I think if
you can just use crawl for AI and cloud
code, it'll serve you well. And more
importantly, it kind of just opened my
mind up to the types of directories that
I can build. Like for a long time, I had
some ideas
where I could go and create like very
very niche directories in competitive
spaces. And we saw a place for mom.com
killing it.
But unless you're like an expert SEO,
have unlimited budget for backlinks, and
have a lot of time to wait, you're not
going to rank for senior living homes.
But you might rank for senior living
homes for people with dementia, which if
we look on Hrefs actually gets like over
a,000 monthly searches. So, it's an high
ticket niche. You're kind of taking your
little pocket of the industry and doing
that really well. And I think this kind
of idea works well because for the
people looking for this like if they
don't assist with dementia, that's a
deal breakaker. So what are like the
deal breaker features that people make
decisions off of? And how can we create
like very specific directories around
that? Bathroom contractor, same thing.
Super competitive. We got Angie's List
and Home Guide and all of these other
directories. But what about like an ADA
accessible bathroom contractor? Like way
more specific. And now that we have the
ability to go and clean and enrich data
by looking at the website content, like
this is all possible now. Um I'm also
massive nerd of like public databases.
Like data.gov has an unreal amount of
just public data that's super like
horrible to use. The UI and experience
is rough.
Um, this guy named Andy in our community
built a tap water quality directory, no
back links, started it back in I want to
say November and he's getting over
40,000 monthly visitors. Got accepted
into Mediavine.
selling like water filters through
Amazon affiliate
and yeah, it's super boring, but like
air quality directories like there
there's a bunch of like mundane but
important um directory ideas that I
think this unlocks. Um and yeah, event
directories. I think event directories
suck. They still suck. Um,
I uh I don't know if this is like like
too much information, but I went to like
a singles event like four months ago and
I went there and I started talking to
the people. I talked to some guys and I
was like, "How did you learn about this
event?" And they were like, "Oh, we went
through Eventbrite and just scrolled and
found this event." I'm like, "That's
crazy that you do that." Like I just I I
that couldn't be me because I feel like
these event directories are horrible.
that now you can essentially set up
scrapers that scrape from multiple
sources and you just create a better
version and with the cloud code you can
make anything that you want. So I think
there's an opportunity in event
directories as well.
But um yeah, just to show people the
full process. I mean once you get the
data, you have the heart of your
directory at this point. You know, I
created a cleaned up version. Uh there's
tons of data that you're going to get.
So I stripped away all the columns of
data and then I just gave it to cloud
code and said, "Hey, use this to create
the subbase database. use the exact
columns
and then
the fun part started where once you have
the database you can just go buck wild
and create whatever you want and um
design it however you'd like. So that is
the full process. That's the most
up-to-date way that I've been kind of
scraping, cleaning and enriching my
data.
And uh yeah, it's it's the it's the most
important part. It's just kind of the
most boring part as well.
>> So, if you've made it to the end, you're
probably you're probably bought into
this idea around, okay, a directory
could be a really good
entry point into building something that
doesn't require a lot of my time. Uh, it
could be high value if it's a it's a
really good niche. And then I could
build a micro SAS to go and, you know,
really amp up monetization and
enterprise value. But I I suspect there
are some people who are like not bought
in.
>> So for the people that are naysayers
about directories and creating a
directory right now, specifically in
this moment in time in 2026, what do you
have to say to them?
>> Yeah, that's a good point. And I would
actually say if your timeline is to make
money in less than 6 months, I would not
build a directory. And I'm just saying
that because I've been building them for
a few years and I just want to save
people the time. With that said,
I don't know if there's I'm obviously
biased, but I don't know if there's a
better playground in structured kind of
approach to a project where you can
learn how claude code works and learn
SEO and learn how to sell and get into
the business of lead generation, which
will always be around um than
directories. And um the first directory
that I built with cloud code was just a
playground for me to learn. And because
it's so simple like you're able to
like use this as like a vehicle to learn
that high leverage skill which I think
is AI coding and SEO. So, at the end of
the day, the way that I think about
directories is that it is still to this
day a playground for me to learn how to
get people's eyes on my projects. And
I've built other businesses and I've
spent like a lot of money on Facebook
ads in my first business. I would argue
the top three ways to get distribution
nowadays are ads, organic social, and
SEO. Like, those are the big three. So,
choose your distribution. And I made the
mistake of not focusing on distribution
first and directories are a distribution
first model. They kind of have an unfair
advantage when it comes to SEO because
if I create this directory or when I
publish this directory, I kind of have
this topical relevance where I have like
a thousand pages all around luxury
restroom trailers. So, it's really easy
to start rank So, it's really easy to
start ranking for luxury restroom
trailer Bakersfield, California, and
then work my way up to like luxury
restroom trailers Los Angeles. So, I
think it just gives pe it kind of just
gives you this really full process of
like how to take an idea, build an
online asset that you can sell if it is
monetizing. They can monetize in
multiple ways. generally pretty high
margin. You know, you can do it from
anywhere in the world and it's pretty
low cost now. You can build a directory
for under a few hundred bucks. So, in a
way, these are small bets, but they can
be massive businesses as we saw in the
very beginning. Um, but again, just to
save people time, SEO generally takes
time, especially if you're just getting
started. So, if your timeline is under 6
months, if you got fired from your job
or you need money immediately, I would
say
go to garage sales and flip items or
something like that cuz that's what I
did when I really needed money. And uh
yeah, that's what I would say 100%. I
think in general, no matter what startup
idea you're working on,
you can't expect it to be overnight. In
general, no matter what business model,
marketplace, social network, mobile app,
directory, micro SAS, you know, this is
a thing that you have to iterate towards
and find and find the channels and scale
it and stuff like that. And some things
are out of your control too. Um, one
thing I wanted to ask before we head out
was
um, in a world where LLMs,
like you know, you mentioned SEO is is a
huge traffic driver for some of these
directories. In a world where people are
finding
uh, products and services through LLMs
like Perplexity and Chachbt and Gemini,
you know,
where where what is the role directories
there, right? cuz you know is chat GBT
just going to scrape luxury
restroomtrailers.com and just put it in
there and then how are you going to be
able to generate revenue?
>> Yeah, totally fair question. Um I would
say I have two points on this and the
first one is that I think if someone's
browsing a directory in 2026
they're sort of past the discovery
phase. Like what I think Chat GBT,
Perplexity, and all these other LLMs do
really well is they help you discover
things or get more information on the
thing. But by the time someone's on a
directory, I think they're in the
decision-m phase. And with any more
complex decision where the consequence
is too much to risk if you mess it up,
they're going to do their due diligence
and look at all the options. And so this
can play out in a couple different ways.
like senior living homes. Like if you're
finding a senior living home for your
parents, are you just going to go on
Chad Gibbt and just like choose the
first one? No. You're probably going to
take your parents preferences in mind
and they might have deal breakers like
the dementia example. um lawyer,
anything in like health, finance or
legal. The consequence and the risk of
choosing a bad accountant or financial
adviser
is just like not worth like you're not
going to just choose the first option.
And so you're going to compare all the
options near you. Um and I think that's
what pushes people to Google and like
really go out of their way to look for
what could be your directory. Um pricing
is another thing. anytime someone can
save money,
I think that drives a lot of um just
going on Google and looking at
directories
and um yeah, like that's that's 100% a
thing. I was listening to the podcast a
podcast around like you know these
millionaires driving across town for
cheaper blueberries at the grocery
store. Like this is always going to be a
problem. And then the second point is
like local SEO or any version of local
SEO hasn't really changed that much. And
what I mean is LLMs are decent, but if
we go to like haircut
Los Angeles for example,
this is now kind of looking at things
from an SEO perspective and why
directories might continue working for a
long time.
This is a local query and there's not
really much different like you kind of
have your local pack here some sponsored
posts but then you have your organic
listing results but if you say like I
don't know hair gel or something like
that
Google's completely changed the way the
SERs looks over the years and this is
the reason why when I build directories
I don't choose product based niches
because it's way harder um you're just
competing with so much other content and
like socials and all this other stuff.
So from an SEO perspective, I think like
any kind of local SEO is still pretty
lowhanging fruit and
I still think directories are just going
to be around in some capacity and maybe
we'll see a different direction. I don't
know if you saw Mark Loose trust MRR,
but it's essentially a directory and he
leveraged his personal brand and
audience to create it. But that's been
going crazy. He turned it into a
marketplace where now you can acquire or
sell businesses
kind of playing on this idea that you
can monetize. You can monet once you
have traffic, you can monetize in any
way that they want. And people will go
out of their way and just email you
sometimes and say, "Hey, can you like
add this to your directory?" and that
might inspire a kind of monetization
idea. Um, so that's what I would say.
Uh, but it's definitely a real concern.
I'm sure it's going to get way better
and we might get to a point with aentic
search um, where it's just unreal and
yeah, like we'll we'll we'll have to
figure it out at that point. But I don't
think lead generation as a business is
ever going to go away.
Yeah, you could make the argument that
in a world where people are going to
LLMs for search or AI search takes over
that in fact the niche directories are
the ones that stay and the ones that are
horizontal directories actually
get hurt
>> because the question the prompting is
very very specific
and what's going to happen is the data
uh that you know chat GPT is going to
have to reference your website no matter
what. They can't just like fully steal
all your data. So they're going to
they're going to give you the link.
>> And the beauty is instead of getting,
you know, a thousand little blue links
on Google in an AI search world, you're
getting three, you know, you ask for a
question, where can I find the best, you
know, luxury restroom trailer in my
area? You're getting one or two or three
responses. So, um, I think that if I'm
building a directory
this year, I'm trying to build it super
niche so I can play into that new AI
search era.
>> 100%. Can't be ignored. That is for a
fact.
>> Frey Chu, thank you for You're an angel.
You're Thank you for coming on and and
being so well prepared and sharing as
much sauce as you do. You're basically a
spaghetti factory for directories and
God bless you for it. We appreciate you.
Um, Frey, if people want to learn more
about you and your ecosystem, what's
what's the best place for that?
>> Yeah, man. Um, always appreciate you
having me on. Um, seriously appreciate
it. But yeah, if you want to learn more
about directories, I do make a video
every week on my own channel. Um, and I
also created a free directory community.
There's over 3,200 people in it. So,
bunch of smart people in there. If you
have questions and you're just getting
started or you want to learn some tips,
get some feedback, that is always an
option. Otherwise, that's pretty much
it. And uh yeah, happy to share what I'm
up to. Appreciate you. I'll include
links for that in the description and in
the show notes. Um, and yeah, if you
like if you like this content, you want
more of it, feel free to like, comment,
subscribe, and uh I'll see you
hopefully, you know, I think what year
did you come on, Frey? Did you come on
last year or the year before?
>> It was literally like a year ago, like
almost to the
>> almost on the dot, actually.
>> Yeah.
>> So would love would love uh I'd love
this to be a yearly tradition.
>> That sounds good. and and you know and
see how the world of directories is
evolving. And I know people love you and
and and love love you coming on and um I
think I think it's just cuz you're
you're really clear on explaining things
and and and it's and you've you've
amassed a tremendous amount of knowledge
in the space. So So thank you again and
and I'll see you next time.
>> Appreciate it. Super kind. and I'll
catch you later.